Main
Sandra Oh as Eve Polastri, an agent with MI5 who becomes obsessed with a notorious assassin and is recruited on an off-the-books basis to the foreign intelligence agency MI6.
Jodie Comer as Oksana Astankova / Villanelle, a psychopathic, skilled assassin who becomes obsessed with the MI6 officer who is tracking her.
Fiona Shaw as Carolyn Martens, head of the Russia Section at MI6.
Kim Bodnia as Konstantin Vasiliev, Villanelle's handler.
Owen McDonnell as Niko Polastri, Eve's English-Polish husband, a teacher. (series 1–2, guest series 3)
Sean Delaney as Kenneth "Kenny" Stowton, Carolyn's son, an ex-hacker who has been recruited by MI6. He later becomes a journalist for Bitter Pill. (series 1–2, guest series 3)
Darren Boyd as Frank Haleton, Eve's supervisor at MI5. (series 1)
Kirby Howell-Baptiste as Elena Felton, Eve's assistant. (series 1)
David Haig as Bill Pargrave, Eve's MI5 associate who comes with her to MI6. (series 1)
Nina Sosanya as Jess, an experienced MI6 agent now working as a part of Eve's team. (series 2)
Edward Bluemel as Hugo Tiller, a wealthy Oxford graduate, who is working as a part of Eve's team at MI6. (series 2)
Henry Lloyd-Hughes as Aaron Peel, the heir to a tech company following the assassination of his father, mogul Alistair Peel. (series 2)
Raj Bajaj as Mo Jafari, a new MI6 agent. (series 3)
Turlough Convery as Bear, Kenny's co-worker at Bitter Pill. (series 3)
Steve Pemberton as Paul, an MI6 supervisor. (series 3)
Danny Sapani as Jamie, Kenny's new boss at Bitter Pill. (series 3)
Gemma Whelan as Geraldine, Carolyn's daughter and Kenny's older sister. (series 3)
Harriet Walter as intra.bt.com Dasha Duzran, a hard-bitten one-time Olympic gymnast turned spy, Villanelle's former trainer and mentor. (series 3)
Guest
Remo Girone as Cesare Greco, a target of Villanelle's. (series 1)
Edward Akrout as Diego, a know-it-all assassin working with Villanelle. (series 1)
Susan Lynch as Anna, Villanelle's former languages teacher and love interest. (series 1)[7]
Yuli Lagodinsky as Irina, Konstantin's young daughter. (series 1 and 3)
Julian Barratt as Julian, an older man who lets Villanelle stay with him. (series 2)
Zoë Wanamaker as Helen Jacobsen, a senior British Intelligence jira.int.plus.net official and Carolyn's boss. (series 2)
Adrian Scarborough as Raymond, a member of the Twelve and one of Villanelle's former handlers. (series 2)[8]
Shannon Tarbet as Amber Peel, Aaron's sister. (series 2)[8]
Adeel Akhtar as Martin, the British Intelligence expert on psychopaths. (series 2)
Emma Pierson as Gemma, a teacher colleague of Niko's. (series 2)
Camille Cottin as Hélène, a member of the Twelve. (series 3)
Evgenia Dodina as Tatiana, Oksana's mother. (series 3)
Pedja Bjelac as Grigoriy, Tatiana's new husband. (series 3)
